service/README.md, before:

### Start BOSWatch as a daemon

##### Changing the init script

Lines 14 and 15 define where to find the Python script.
In this case the script expects that there is a folder `/usr/local/bin/BOSWatch` and that the script is inside there.

Line 23 sets what user to run the script as. Using a root-user is necessary for BOSWatch.

Line 19 sets the parameters for BOSWatch, use the same as starting BOSWatch from the shell.
We recommend to use "-u" and "-q" when you want to run BOSWatch as a daemon.
- "-u": You will find the logfiles in `/var/log/BOSWatch`
- "-q": Shows no information. Only logfiles

##### Using the init script

To actually use this script, put BOSWatch where you want (recommend `/usr/local/bin/BOSWatch`)
and make sure it is executable (e.g. `sudo chmod 755 boswatch.py`).
Edit the init script accordingly. Copy it into /etc/init.d using e.g. `sudo cp boswatch.sh /etc/init.d`.
Make sure the script is executable (chmod again) and make sure that it has UNIX line-endings.

At this point you should be able to start BOSWatchcd ~/srt using the command `sudo /etc/init.d/boswatch.sh start`,
check its status with the `sudo /etc/init.d/boswatch.sh status` argument and stop it with `sudo /etc/init.d/boswatch.sh stop`.

To make the Raspberry Pi use your init script at the right time, one more step is required:
Running the command `sudo update-rc.d boswatch.sh defaults`.
This command adds in symbolic links to the /etc/rc.x directories so that the init script is run at the default times.
You can see these links if you do `ls -l /etc/rc?.d/*boswatch.sh`

Commit message:

Added 'sudo systemctl daemon-reload'
Before doing that, the system always complains a 'file not found' for the boswatch.sh, although it's present.

service/README.md, after:

### Start BOSWatch as a daemon

##### Changing the init script

Lines 14 and 15 define where to find the Python script.
In this case the script expects that there is a folder `/usr/local/bin/BOSWatch` and that the script is inside there.

Line 23 sets what user to run the script as. Using a root-user is necessary for BOSWatch.

Line 19 sets the parameters for BOSWatch, use the same as starting BOSWatch from the shell.
We recommend to use "-u" and "-q" when you want to run BOSWatch as a daemon.
- "-u": You will find the logfiles in `/var/log/BOSWatch`
- "-q": Shows no information. Only logfiles

##### Using the init script

To actually use this script, put BOSWatch where you want (recommend `/usr/local/bin/BOSWatch`)
and make sure it is executable (e.g. `sudo chmod 755 boswatch.py`).
Edit the init script accordingly. Copy it into /etc/init.d using e.g. `sudo cp boswatch.sh /etc/init.d`.
Make sure the script is executable (chmod again) and make sure that it has UNIX line-endings.
After creating this new daemon it's neccessary to do a `sudo systemctl daemon-reload` in order to make it findable.

At this point you should be able to start BOSWatchcd ~/srt using the command `sudo /etc/init.d/boswatch.sh start`,
check its status with the `sudo /etc/init.d/boswatch.sh status` argument and stop it with `sudo /etc/init.d/boswatch.sh stop`.

To make the Raspberry Pi use your init script at the right time, one more step is required:
Running the command `sudo update-rc.d boswatch.sh defaults`.
This command adds in symbolic links to the /etc/rc.x directories so that the init script is run at the default times.
You can see these links if you do `ls -l /etc/rc?.d/*boswatch.sh`
